nixos/acme: improve scalability - reduce superfluous unit activations (#422076)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2511.section.md

- `services.clamsmtp` is unmaintained and was removed from Nixpkgs.

- The option `security.acme.preliminarySelfsigned` has been removed to support a more streamlined

>   ACME unit dependency configuration.

Reviewer: Yep perfect :)

- `services.gitea` supports sending notifications with sendmail again. To do this, activate the parameter `services.gitea.mailerUseSendmail` and configure SMTP server.

- Revamp of the ACME certificate acquisication and renewal process to help scale systems with lots (100+) of certificates.

  Units and targets have been reshaped to better support more specific dependency propagation and avoid
  superfluously triggering unchanged units:

  If a service requires a syntactically valid certificate to start it should now depend on the `acme-{certname}.service` unit.

  We now always generate initial self-signed certificates as this drastically simplifies the dependency structure. As a result, the option `security.acme.preliminarySelfsigned` has been removed.

>   Instead of the previous `acme-finished-{certname}.target`s there are now `acme-order-renew-{certname}` services that will be activated

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Instead of the previous `acme-finished-{certname}.target`s there are now `acme-order-renew-{certname}.service`'s that will be activated
```
That will probably make the change clearer.
